[Music]
under
much
his soul
[Music]
right here
hi convinced fava
it was good to see you thank you listening
the last time you had so if my
memories are good the soul kia
today is a day a little
particular because try
you have two surprises today the
first is a vehicle a little
original called the nissan cube
for a pretty Japanese vehicle
eccentric
the second that I reserve for you is a
little trainee with the brand name of the
first grade
here is exactly I let you discover
by that, ok I'm going to have a good day
thank you hello hello then me it's
eva sumarti ok we sing and I was told
I had a small intern
today so being able to have played you
drive go we go there
[Applause]
[Music]
so what do you think of
dashboard already web we find that a
little big for me otherwise the design is
not bad I find
it's rather successful it seems to me a little
lower areola and crickets
another positive aspect for me that's it
so in fact was just then
that they have that limits to do a little
visibly the Japanese walls
teixeira but it pays well that's it
goes like this sarah hand and new
there therefore a very nice and
so looked at you so you have not
the paper aspect of rice I do not know and so
it bothers you and armed yeah completely
closed or stay there
ok if we close as ingenious
too much that very good that I too
good me I would still like a
little criticism despite everything as a
passenger I'm not super big but
so if I want to open the glove box
that falls directly on my
legs and it does not crush your legs
badly done all practice and I do not like
of me as a glove so I
maybe an armrest but I have no
low wood is normal
why will it lead you
never bataves have then I find myself
not that great because if you get lost
meaning is a city dweller if we misplace is
very close to a car we can not
open our chest is not it yes
but here is me first
for me alone the game I think about the
badiane lost my job but I put
none of that we can impose anything is to
scratch did not hide I hid by
against look there is a pussy the
rear window actually that spans
the side also it's a single headband
black we know design and for as much I
find that it's missed
and we
no
laughs
question
[Music]
the proper handling only those above
were not used to this contact there
ruth sheen with a start & stop
yeah marie matte case has all a little
art for paris I think we do not
not see much by career
seats and a seat not the big retro
yes and so if I find that it's not
wrong yes but I find that I'm when
even a lot of noise and it's hard but
good who is maybe denouncing it I
know nothing
well you pass it and names so we do not
change nothing in exchange
close comment bah yeah you me
give a broken car on call I
believe no in Cairo wait i would have too much
but good alain drouhin hideous level
of the rapper your rear visibility
catastrophic comfort the seats by
against really I stay here I
think we were really good I
find very retro I agree with
you do that they are wide like
that's fine yes and there for the
coup we still have a very good
visibility
we want you do not know you
and not least trend and Antal
to say it's me who did not shit it
kodo someone who first who
look at the car and who is in a
mini cooper and gasoline and make
competition is neither soul nor first
standing shot the English time vge who's getting
return but to see the pretty fort
for the car I stand
shameful
[Music]
Maya
how did you find your new
copilot today excellent
yeah yes it went well very well
now martin is taking advantage of the points
positive and negative points of this
test is Tunisian the positives
it's not difficult, it's still
the sunroof with three positions I
found that it is a dream to me
negative
negative point for aesthetics
very negative point when we drive on
does not have a rear vision the chest too
little not good I stop there he says
we stop
positive point the same thing
this sunroof or we can alternate in
more with brioude paper I do not
do not know what's called another point
positive the camera on the back
actually as said martin we did not
no visibility when we go back and
so this camera still does not bring
bad things design of this car
not at the design level it looks like
really a hearse
I just like the little window before
I find it very funny
really manga mom and ladies i'm going
give you its price the model you
today have to try when it freezes
which is well equipped it is a finish
Zen who is davin 1700 euros
here is a duel is at this price
you buy no no no no no
Okay
good so this time I do not know I
bring you back I will not bring you back
with vellum
okay I have my bike okay then
driven the devils thank you all
okay we still a little bit I
want your home work which work
[Music]
[Applause]